docs: improve regexManager documentation (#19278)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

image: my.new.registry/aRepository/andImage:1.21-alpine
```

> E.g.: Moving where gitlab-ci files are stored on a server and updating `includes:` definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, moving where gitlab-ci files are stored on a server and updating `includes:` definitions.
```

> You may find you need to specify a second matchString for the new name, as when the regex manager validates the change it will not always detect that the new value is valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find you need to specify a second `matchString` for the new name, as when the regex manager validates the change it will not always detect that the new value is valid.
```
